1) -What is NPM ?
ans :-
Npm is a package manager ,through which we can install 
and uninstall node packages

2) -What is 'Parcel/Webpack' ? Why do we need it ?
ans :-
Parcel is zero-config , HMR hot module replacement 
uses file watcher algorithm , minifies files , does image
optimization , does caching while development , does
caching while development , polyfill , manages port number too

3) -What is .parcel-cache ?
ans :-


4) -what is npx?
ans :- npx stands for node package execute , its execute package
given if its not present npm will install and run it from local
node modules/.bin . npx is same as npm run 

5) -What is difference between 'dependencies' vs 'devDependencies'
ans :-
Dependencies are needed to run our project efficiently.
while DevDependencies are dependencies that are used for development
purpose and does not needed to run but it does helps with development.

6) -What is Tree Shaking ?
ans :-
Tree Shaking is the process through which unused libraries 
or packages wouldnt be included in bundled form and only
useful modules would be kept.Its a form of dead-code elimination.

7) -What is Hot Module Replacement ?
ans :-
Hot Module Replacement is a feature by tools like 
Webpack and parcel which automatically reloads webpage whenever we add
, delete or change any code in our module and as it uses caching
it usually doesnt take time after first load.

8) -List down your favourite 5 superpowers of Parcel and describe any 3 of them in your
own words
ans :-
Minifiying code :- Doing Tree Shaking
cleaning our code : Cleans code replaces variable name with a short complex name 
image optimization :- Reduces the memory required for image to be loaded 
Adds Polyfill :- Adds polyfill so it is helpful to run on older versions 

9) -What is `.gitignore`? What should we add and not add into it?
ans :-
gitignore is a file in which we add path of folder and files which we dont want
to commit on our repository . We should add files files and folders that is created 
on runtime or can be created again and again.

10) -What is the difference between `package.json` and `package-lock.json` ?
ans :-
package.json defines and tells the packages needed to run the project and contains
basic information about it , while package_lock.json locks the version and tell the 
snapshot of package on products.

11) - Why should I not modify `package-lock.json`?
ans :-
Because it contains the exact version of each installed package , and hence through
which allows you to re-install them and  hence can install same dependency tree.

12) - What is `node_modules` ? Is it a good idea to push that on git?
ans :-
node_modules are the cache of all dependencies installed , whenever we install
any package they are downloaded from web to node_modules folder and whenever we 
import it uses from node_modules.

13) - What is the `dist` folder?
ans :-
dist folder contains all minified version of project that would be deployed to server
whenever a build is created dist folder is occupied with minified files.

14) - What is `browserlists`
ans :-
Browserlists is a tool in which we can add the atleast versions of browser should be
supported.

15) - Read about: ^ - caret and ~ - tilda
ans :-


16) - Read about Script types in html (MDN Docs)
ans :-
